Kid stop
You're not looking either.
Is this upscale community a place that poor people can enter?
Go away I'm looking for someone
Find someone who can meet the people in this high-end community just by looking like you
I see you look like you got in and stole something
No one can roll in without a gas card
Oh yes
Boy, what are you still doing here?
Hurry up and get out. Why can he get in without swiping his card?
Humph boy
Do you know who that is?
Don't pee and look at yourself, can you compare, bro?
It's not a good habit to look down on people
Boy, you are impatient
Zhang Cheng, where are you?
The security just wouldn't let me in
I'll call the property in a minute
Let them fire this security guard
Who are you?
Hello 13